the feeding one last thing
as as have gnn is a cnn
actually to cnn's with a compete for
him
so when you go the beginning of
herself something right i will do this
because of as
it definitely market for your project you
want to something which is driven yeah
is their faces
it is not as long as your
with a prior points
a way that of this
so let me know come to the
two of them are you can come
here
the person and me for doing them
made you said so you are some
not on the right
president and i'm doing to say
the
when you are wide shut out that
yet
and that is one be seems keen
on
i think i've already left with the
only my company
he might come later so what are
we going to affect first meeting
a with we will often date individual
meetings and group meetings
for the first by chance you would
be here because i'm a stay the
same things for all of your then
we do individually meeting for next week
or two three meetings and then once
in awhile i asked you to a
group meeting so they use show to
the others with you though
okay so you would benefit from both
it's useful twenty one to ones is
useful
yeah
and for students and choose my project
that an option to come with me
with a specific idea even something which
I didn't list
a which is your case you wanted
organization is not in my list of
things right
or other people can come and do
something that i
oh by the my moments of your
own initiative like a sometimes or least
some topics
and depending on what you do i'm
going to have yet to make sure
you're choosing the right thing so i'm
not going to ask you a what
is your project about have you chosen
a specific model or us chosen only
the general area
intestines
and yeah
a steep inside
you want to do anything with this
to over the platinum yeah yeah yeah
spend some time
so why they let me see
potential applications that is hunting cut their
computer vision
yeah
on showtime
except that a car or recurrence
as i'm going to enemies as a
which often use envision what type of
shall do you think you're my life
i canal fisher
in a lot of could i just
ask a what what i mean the
by gr it didn't at a dinner
the other this idea networks all or
her it's a typo modify cnn they
produce is new
image is this new lama used to
produce movement so in colonization client lives
matter what the much or are you
to economy much i can do artistic
then i this field changes every six
months or so they were very popular
on my family for the when i
with you said mckagan neural networks now
we have tossed on this which another
not and use for the useful
that in your case do you know
exactly what you want to do yeah
it yesterday on how noted down as
raising that want is to
that's because you i advise your name
of to select the possible papers or
is this way when like that
so you into
yost case wage on weight
am i said you wanted in an
email look at my public so if
somebody comes with olivia this applies to
your part you look at my obligations
as or something point if there's anything
you like just two or three of
them and then we talk about them
and i would tell your if it's
easy to find in jeddah
in my obligations i know actually was
that in there are other things like
a about a nice ip which fading
or uk where they have it be
possible paper yahya so for you when
you have to do next armies
start to refine your idea besides when
you want to go and find out
green tomatoes or papers of things that
you want to rethink give him a
summer
so i don't do vision of say
idol visual of about it
of a fun one
official national you're by yourself selfish a
so much articles nation is a muffin
there is one of the was earlier
right
i don't work on not emotionally bullish
of an individual faces on emotionally
local faces look that much of it
so let's assume you chose this paper
two papers
then it might be much of a
nice recognition
from few years ago is a paper
my you have
the faces you need often sybil which
doesn't do much processing find where the
is said to the face and deposit
to this you still to a cnn
it's a straightforward cnn system if you
do group of face recognition you have
a group photo
you need to find the faces first
take a snapshot of their faces
when you give it to the cnn
and then you have it it based
on probably the model the news is
this decision to decide if the group
is a hot is hockey or not
so revised is that if you're
are confident that you know if you're
reading or cnn is going to be
bases are you going to cnn and
some base and to the something a
bit more complex because you know if
it if you choose to you are
presenting an aggregate to defend their doors
having said this a few guys to
choose only one cnn
then i will this begs you to
explore more variations or why they put
out it or more you can take
it dataset it from the better you
make it work and then begin with
it as interfaces and got up to
your said to make this work
you know my meaning that they are
thinking why they have any basis know
if i were able to
time for
so what did you
hook up with another two or three
papers and you can get the most
turning sing anything i want to do
is out there is a paper about
london waiting for a was gonna it's
a predicted intentions were dynamical cloth during
of human cultures and i like this
and yeah i know there's another
related
not different hobby i mean the sand
topic is hostile related and humor opening
faction
i think the skills out is involved
as reinforcement learning also provides the dynamic
three and a heathen sammy law coach
had model
i'll probably probabilistic something like that
and our mlb dot is
the maximum likelihood overestimation so which made
with do you already know because you
use them a previous assignments
oh previous lectures or last
matter with clock of you them clustering
sitting in previous assignments know it didn't
know marco decision everyone always thinks a
lot of them yeah well our london
the so my advice is don't you
don't do the one with a real
possibility because you are the level of
complexity do this stand them more the
way
you ever open me
polls
so it's a transfer landing you take
an open source software don't give it
images of people be said for them
cyclists get a done
you can you to the classroom for
them so firstly about
use and of the chef of and
both
which require somewhere
then they start this kind of don't
think that asking the the skeletons and
then you need to those are my
korea
guy based will be so that the
people in his mother
best so be the yeah cause all
i want our
and the robots on the ice is
because every ever observes your skeletal give
excalibur because the fibers get those which
are similar views are similar views are
different and then he creates a sequence
one two three yeah the market
so you have been to use
open positrons go live in a trailer
for a which they get to the
then custody we come of it yeah
hey call for you either be that
would like city
yeah to if i were you and
your like these i would just do
this paper and then if you finish
reading your company journalists a hundred i've
done everything then we get out to
extent if i stayed for the possibility
was either
and all your how of higher than
that aside the to fall of the
here we are all accommodate him of
probabilities the artificial agents that takes divine
inspiration from the given up on on
top principles and the mechanisms are resolved
in the national community was systems have
children
you're all style from children
this one was built by the for
my research widow
dr modeling so this paper moto some
of the stages of intention better him
and i read your your next gone
basically of as the law if a
building at our order well done
and with is bit of and this
is the general the ground outside
if you said it was also said
one with her better
yeah
the civilians dog cause situation along with
by yourself generator models for multi modal
category and water learning robots dollars i
think many for who is the first
the author
ah
a thorough how noting that down
okay an exemplary
paper reverse through my to refute it
from i pinch reading i think it's
it's a safe choice
okay
so for all four of you
choose the first
in another important step is the it
have you need to have a deficit
which is available for you
the want to the remotely a big
project where you have to be the
new deficit
or if you choose you can it
for them going to take your you'd
be the dataset first problem do you
need you to be the yourself real
shot at mobile merely things that you
do or finding their
the web you images of faces out
of your sad
but then first the can you succeed
save on what did you choose a
deficit which is too hard for he's
going to be doing that's why it's
always think about somebody else
they fought for use an innocent with
you can find
they use he felt my source of
the young
and then they use it
if that training methods that we know
it works of the did so when
you come to me i say angela
they've got eighty five percent before my
and forty two
then we know that you can get
a fight for somebody else uses ended
i think as a modification
you any sugar coat
if he said you live in new
deficit how do we know if parted
ways the maximum you can have faded
before we should be happy or not
so for you yeah you have two
options because i ask is nice around
before actions yeah can build them yourself
but in addition someone to be down
to the guy did the what is
still cynthia so you would be talking
to him about taking us a yeah
i think is
relax and i got this yeah wins
so that's a safe choice
you can do a lot
not it's perfect
your
no okay
you're not cheating can
i think she will that your pushing
when activated it again
to find it way for
that for this is that is he
spends his whole time ago
he said a i mean the end
of the and
so what's good for you that she's
still around for she should be able
to have your hit by a left
it doesn't she would give it a
deficit
the only worry that i for your
project dental complexity is that is not
as found that cnn
god know that you know you find
many libraries it's that old version it
should be do about bio lotta super
super easy
okay
that if you like it would that
would say for next week you need
to read a paper start to see
to find another is yourself to before
we ask you are
and see if you can understand what
did easy if you get copilot trying
to play with his to get a
feeling how how i a my that
with my scales i can do this
so for you need to read it
this i it
they
you want to to save face recognition
is the most article neutralize it gays
regulation
he was already some
so she never found the vigorous other
users
whether you can join out the favor
a favor
they are you the to what they've
heard that you need to understand it
for the a section
so much of a we need to
do
emotionally visually the why why most emotional
hundred our faces ssh choice
hey
the group one that requires in addition
to a cnn
more bass a vending machine and a
bagel place
but
i would ask you when you start
to look at the picnic at me
on my space how worry are you
how confident are you that you understand
or you know that you can understand
let's go back to colorado
i was going i yeah so
essentially what i want them to compare
have you run like in livorno
how how well relatively good period
colorized that compared to a national parties
who have colorize that you
list for the job i sat beside
each other
he said a paper describes how you
can compare this
nothing not a not a comparison
so the answer for your opponent is
you can only do these my advice
is now you can do these
listen to find the paper or somebody
who didn't even if you didn't do
this you only do colonization that are
matrix they can charge or well positions
are not excellent of measured by some
by the gate and then that are
subjective estimations so you can do about
or whatever you do you should do
what
other people die
radio then and have become personal in
december sounded or and i'm finished with
you as like as it said mr
something about her
covered of them
you need to be the first i
filmed right
you over the first
so yeah
so you're for the first unit where
it was either
neither die and i already can make
it on your right like i said
to your fit on the face with
cnn
in some cases
do something class
for you
yours is understandable that you can do
much more languages
you to them and money for you
can do this
hi complexity them to hide
your project these are the say
hi is so to something which is
not too high
it's almost as head
in the past was
my sister doesn't perform as well as
they wanted i see the paper because
you didn't train your system are not
made of images and given evidence yeah
sometimes you're going to transfer and then
they either they retain systems
in some cases you can use it
i believe without the use of because
we present of the show featuring sister
the it is toxic chemical formula disobedience
what in other cases like yours you
can really just take it became more
they've been taught to that generate up
was uniquely agree easy
i circled all the are you him
it is i modified is richard
my work without dropping that kids can
i focus on a specific around
view the images for example this people
and don't look at nature
again find the paper when she was
and
for you if you do
a the intention of evening
maybe maybe maybe not so it's not
easy for by limited evidence am the
and before you have the potential to
the south korea which is media michael
jackson
and then the other important things are
hispanic descent
you will not be gets more or
less great if you have a sister
different forms and ninety nine percent safe
your sister the test results is ninety
nine hundred seventy two and based on
the for for for demarco your project
what matters that
what you're doing is similar to what
other people have done
when the case if that a new
measure the door eighty seven in your
don't you to them all it does
he said it is always find you
say after the thirty two because i
like is it all
so you don't get grades for achieving
the maximum you get rate to show
that you are able to starting from
scratch to use all of these libraries
to the training
to achieve whatever is the state of
the art for the paper that you
chose
if you are too far from from
the favorite shows
the market will say yes or yet
to explain why my father
because i collins
you know door media's or religious oh
my my performances of cage busted decent
oh is it because your on low
confidence the subway your great
is that important thing that i would
we be to your many times he
said you don't show one results the
best result the your report it i
say i had to this dataset i
use this libraries i trained this with
these parameters
here is my best response for best
results his legacy that live in exile
you don't do these use you to
address this problem is that there is
systems and then you have a history
of achieving the final result fire
experiment one a simple did i say
his family too
bigger that doesn't it has been and
three new that us it was better
than three a lot from nature to
people
so
we want to see if you want
a high rate your report should that
the net result sexual his fame and
money has failed to a spiritual
i would say we please go there
but you know they can be too
vague on their staff will before to
prevent i could be seeks because you
decide to give everything to one experiment
it doesn't mean one training he means
one investigation or months ago
so you're reformers that many they've also
been to me that results in addition
to the final including some bad results
are you said i did is the
result is no good
i added a inquisitive i said he
has my better results
they don't cause the rest would be
writing a nice report which is or
later so fascinating to worry
the you achieve
state though they are fish the same
levels
in some cases it's a perfect measured
as you feel off as regulation your
case is no read it
and exact numbers and for you but
then you can do the same use
the same matrix of in the paper
to say
the performers his ex because i can
show
questions
it's all ah
if i do if i gather resolves
too far away from the original paper
and it was laying by occur if
what he what you explain why it
is reasonable
you know you put into millions of
emergency you window and it's okay you
say i have some for strains
it a project funded projects i'm going
to use a on his one hundred
the said the performance or seventy five
is that achieve some what i see
these shows and i'm working right
for your specific model if it was
the one for that is you should
worry to show that he was
dad was no the percentage because
i said that he might do that
determination
that know something awesome
so i can
for example group recognition for your many
faces
and then you to quantify that this
issue do you do an average other
you know about that is the that's
what it is
many students have done projects on that
investment broker revolution
hey i think once you them what
they brought about his for there was
a day
he's not maybe i shouldn't say
it didn't work very hard to say
but you can achieve these or what
is he also something
this is linda sense is to have
a for you i read more than
bought or somebody else within the month
not gonna say he got later they
struck by the beginning
and then they let us put the
well
busy will be your
we have run a pantheon
after the look at a filmmaker who
started and you understand that
computationally shouldn't be a big issue for
your you don't need to train for
weeks every four hours
it's something that's the most of your
will to not your
and you and your a fit of
this project other think it's okay
yeah when he finished go train for
larger their does it
unit
basically by google
olive oil be lighter it's that temples
by month so say fifty pounds
for five months of using resources alive
to be faster
in a google call obviously a tribute
another book i think it's all times
lot of money is body for the
competition up for that so are you
just took a notebook to live your
call them i love your code or
then you need to run the code
rather simulations were thousands of images
a
if you just have brought over there
is that you betcha whoa what amazon
web services whatever you yourself are just
call out the for free for my
labs
the us
so you already have a draw
much less a hot
he said that you're ready like six
or nine and thus six or nine
pounds
a month
and yet again decided one month and
to and that yourself right
so others not expensive means that you
will
eat less and less take away or
this
said
the want
given that i would prefer
you have any yeah
so
the back
alicia he walks what i did to
hot to lie with his
and then give us our to the
chinese what are they think about families
the my be able to get around
is he the words he will be
phonetics
and he was funny business hours
so you in for just cry
how how to
so we can look at you how
to identify or for your life
i've had you know what whether that
right
ah came won't the plenty more those
a my for out interviewing you ready
would be you'll save for transfer many
of in both yeah
there
he wanted to them are you will
need to find it
and eventually demoted they use a plan
is for the yoga to get is
out there is a cat for the
task set up their windows for somebody
hi
you are
yeah
and he like even appointment for later
i want was a while for
is this because you're ready
you know what to do you like
animals do you are you than others
of them
have i would be been over your
what with did he said alligators i
put in your that because into better
your
i think we you
the other stuff again in a more
recent one yeah
my my my
questions
and er i saw how read that
the handbook song
his earnings thing that i knew that
his notebook not book or weekly plane
hey bear we meet weekly yeah
i travel a lot saw some weeks
willing to to
laura
hey when you are in january february
when you're already worked on the doing
training and then another training or something
as sometimes i would say to your
send me an email
if everything is bogus glance or one
or two weeks will escape it's for
i wanted can we meet every week
now when we're supposed to meet our
think reading week know why we meet
every week
they i will check the dates in
the moment the next year with odessa
for the first few months until christmas
endeavor
a for the rest
adam
mr change the rules either way it's
check that out of it is not
look at any to
see i believe
i mean they're how set out and
the student needs to keep their not
the idea you enjoyed by this is
what is not it is head
go to the project
what saw this assessment
so the report is for later that
black york
hesitantly that
yeah
he's so humble
you the papers
super secret
in somebody find in the blackboard he
he
nice vid lines are throat your submission
revoked some news two screens cut subsidies
it's a screen cost
which is a demonstration of either that
you that your demonstration for less than
you are their report submission
he's week a semester
so weak aids what use them in
the know it the cold
they called three saw that and with
nine is i'm in the report and
screen test that it it's in the
didn't have any clue that it on
surveys the right yeah
but he dates phase two days later
this but it is the any difference
between code and the morgue
the i shouldn't be that is okay
ah
the most important is that report look
at some point you're with somebody they
called
can we stop you from modify the
somehow they hope to the commission's report
to know why would we have somebody
wants to those on with
yeah he's got a woman go back
to your father was a the the
table of results
a service you to be so far
to the whole so the
is to force you to say this
is the end of the typical development
our to do their reports practically you
know why you're there
hey and as himself a good time
the for last the folks in the
river if you're lucky
arsenal
that
okay so then there is no thing
to do
under hospice
or up again catherine
yeah
i saw a a have notice that
in your last year students studies to
the sound was my title
yet this say how put some reference
fun
the how replicate the paper but
the there hum know your reference
you find this audio equipment are you
worried that if somebody has a movie
though the same project is affects your
marks or your performance a lot of
other yeah i mean up on this
students
what's what's that able to see them
rather rather i love mentor is my
guess is you don't know if so
that know what you'd rather do
rather maybe the revolt a relational reasoning
okay anyway i would say only use
you can see the project from last
year
i know they give you some examples
of putting it
use this as a good example
don't worry for you to has been
done by others not others
it's independent to of you can work
on the same topic or they will
make a difference because you will be
work independently
and you alone different numbers of the
the numbers are exactly the same i'm
starting to worry about my idea is
out how to replicate a walk without
a platform a some
i mean citations
not only not investment book about if
he was about other know what you're
referring to our as if a simple
first you would say i'm representing a
paper by realize you're on a dog
the whatever you know
and then you for this
the digital video section of the video
the part where you say people with
organization and just made on a b
c episodes and then
if you submit everybody doesn't renounce his
work and you never been mental realize
it then you upload your eyes were
okay
if you say algorithmic over the place
by the work by the dancing there's
no the reason is some site for
us all so if you say
what you're doing with the title reference
know i would say you are shooting
but a lot of other thank you
i'm funny you don't do anything you
if you can't have your say something
new and they are these discovery was
in your you didn't say the source
of this when you're
your
are there is no
anything else
i'm so you to do is to
family
what you're working on
to take two three weeks on the
same thing
for most of your we say final
say i know you're working his favor
a video want a paper
i want you want a paper
to focus on and you need to
say to me i know that the
made was be there are
whoever for my spears
soil disaster
zone
hockey
it
there way you do this if you're
in the paper
if you take it out of your
would pick one more though
and replicate inequality something that other people
don't miss ideas and but if in
your case you look at chinese
oh you'll you'll go with emotion other
know
you did you try a new did
i say where things are different when
you is
the chinese version of in my meanwhile
you've obviously knew there was a problematic
you do something whether you want to
do as on that's how you vargas
i want to publish
yeah i can promise you can do
this you can other know hollywood proceeds
i can ask you to do something
new york if you're finished at the
and we're trying to something you have
to the something
i have fewer throw party
there is no way
read and it depends on this piece
of the student and then some students
going to try the students who was
for the brothers and then you've got
a job and is now busy
you might have he never happen
okay
anything else so let's look at those
are there was something
so as i think i'm trying to
david
same time when we go
so next week i'm here only
they naturally what that is choose tuesday
one pm that night
so this week on from three to
visit one pm
he on going do one pm always
how is three pm on monday for
all of you i'm sorry
i was doing the beach on me
individual one
thirty three to four thank you i
don't need you for one enough i
wanted to
have checked on tonight
it's mandatory to
thrilling either side
time effect and forty for forty five
what is about for the or then
let's look at another time
what about two pm on tuesday night
today but to be admissible one
what about
when with the glass finish three okay
this is what you can do that
you are okay to game
q v i'm is a fairly good
of his or to say
so choose that eleven
i'm going to
there has to say
he saw their names are as follows
been on djokovic to help him
a bowser you have it took a
few
hey wage an aura
two
though you are
okay
how long time
i'm sorry so to forty five
it would take it went for me
to learn your lives when vpn when
you finish your major next turn key
them
so this is
tuesday to get a layman's are living
the see where i live off the
after i'm actually here so we keep
the same
europe or we try to stick to
the is
so put this in your kind of
estate agent
same as you started to yeah same
older and here right yeah yeah
they had a week after
i'm in japan
what do we do
what's your weather which are these a
week after this try this at two
pm you send me an email
to the job you're and bullet points
i did this bullet points and i
have these problems and then i will
reply to the that focus on put
this in my of that
next week right
the twenty fifth of october okay
you are going to the email
if you need to talk to me
you can make me laugh at other
guys i mean if i'm japan it's
a movie
yeah
then the first two pm
tuesday afternoon is
so choose tuesday to be and to
three fifteen for your favorite
huh and then
the paint on the way
let's find another time of the week
when you're free what about thursday to
pm
still works and says the individual or
group it doesn't matter of this blog
or i think that any
for to give people with his thursday
to be and will depend on nov
for example
is it good for you three pm
pregame years
so i'm going to put these when
they tend to november i'm meeting new
we will decide later when we go
a okay for them moment let's pretend
it's always individual yeah
and they don't a difference if it's
not individually that for you it's a
bit earlier and i to women
is going to be absurd because somebody
with the other so came to november
then
here we go back to
we go back to the tuesday fifteen
to november two pm
and then twenty second own november looks
good
yeah
we came to hear
twenty seven
man
twenty nine a month videos released with
the the good so let's keep a
two pm on the twenty ninth of
november
and then i'm going to be the
us the week after it was figure
it out what to do it by
be anywhere whether whether these about his
dog so that seeks don't not of
december you send me an email to
again
six of december sixth six december
so the is see below
and there was you allowed for about
if perfect the other is the fifteenth
two pm i look at the moment
i'm here
i'm itching some of these days okay
north
so i will summarize again for all
of you
so
two pm that they learned from a
coder
he opened his means new york the
a provocation
they didn't oct two pm
a twenty fifth of october
different it's eva eva between
then first dog november two pm
hey end of november two pm
first day
fifteen on november two pm
disable good yeah
twenty nine two pm
and event on the seeks than then
two pm on the fifteenth any changes
our regional
so that tense november is says do
it is only one one know with
to them and when she's home from
and
how can show on h ago
because any speak to him and
laura
so you know what to do you
have to convince me from convince your
face
sounded like you think you're going to
it because you have yet to out
your to i if you can of
that so that our start evocative from
work
so i has done a walk now
no no no not on for you
actually know you're right for you
for you and you can start to
look at the main code
which libraries
try and then one of the meetings
i would ask you to talk to
somebody said okay yeah our
so you just had to work
i saw it is our our dues
donald some simulation software like a cop
or
when start to look at what you
want to know them a i will
say the word for the vomit within
the moment
the end or out of into this
with other probably of your that video
or reversal more intense maybe video as
of always and frustrating so they probably
don't have you ever think of
okay
a sale
so for
what
for three days